mdp-webui/README.md, before:

# MDP-WebUI

[![MDP WebUI Tests](https://github.com/mblsha/miniware-mdp-m01/actions/workflows/webui.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mblsha/miniware-mdp-m01/actions/workflows/webui.yml)

A web-based interface for the Miniware MDP (M01/M02) multi-channel power supply system. This application provides real-time monitoring, control, and data logging capabilities directly from your web browser.

## Features

- **Real-time Dashboard**: Monitor all 6 channels simultaneously with live voltage, current, power, and temperature readings
- **Channel Control**: Set voltage/current parameters and toggle output states for each channel
- **Waveform Recording**: Capture time-series data with interactive visualization
- **Data Export**: Export recorded waveforms as CSV files for external analysis
- **Web Serial API**: Direct USB communication without drivers or installation

## Requirements

- Modern web browser with Web Serial API support (Chrome, Edge, Opera)
- Miniware MDP M01/M02 device connected via USB

## Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
```

2. (Optional) Regenerate the Kaitai parser from `cpp/mdp.ksy`:
```bash
npm run generate-kaitai
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser to http://localhost:5173

## Usage

1. Click "Connect" and select your MDP device from the serial port list
2. The dashboard will display all connected channels
3. Click any channel card to access detailed controls
4. Use the recording feature to capture and analyze waveform data

## Architecture

- **Frontend**: Svelte framework for reactive UI
- **Communication**: Web Serial API for direct USB access
- **Protocol**: Binary protocol parsed using Kaitai Struct
- **Visualization**: uPlot for high-performance charting

## Development

The project structure:
- `/src/lib/serial.js` - Serial connection management
- `/src/lib/packet-encoder.js` - Binary packet encoding
- `/src/lib/packet-decoder.js` - Binary packet decoding using Kaitai
- `/src/lib/stores/channels.js` - Global state management
- `/src/lib/components/` - UI components

## License

This project is part of the miniware-mdp-m01 repository.

Commit message:

Auto-detect Miniware serial port in CLI
Add CLI debug switch

Restrict CLI auto-selection

Fix vendor filtering for auto port selection

Add context-based device controls

Refine device context display

Document output state hint

Fix output command port resolution

mdp-webui/README.md, after:

# MDP-WebUI

[![MDP WebUI Tests](https://github.com/mblsha/miniware-mdp-m01/actions/workflows/webui.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mblsha/miniware-mdp-m01/actions/workflows/webui.yml)

A web-based interface for the Miniware MDP (M01/M02) multi-channel power supply system. This application provides real-time monitoring, control, and data logging capabilities directly from your web browser.

## Features

- **Real-time Dashboard**: Monitor all 6 channels simultaneously with live voltage, current, power, and temperature readings
- **Channel Control**: Set voltage/current parameters and toggle output states for each channel
- **Waveform Recording**: Capture time-series data with interactive visualization
- **Data Export**: Export recorded waveforms as CSV files for external analysis
- **Web Serial API**: Direct USB communication without drivers or installation

## Requirements

- Modern web browser with Web Serial API support (Chrome, Edge, Opera)
- Miniware MDP M01/M02 device connected via USB

## Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install --legacy-peer-deps
```

2. (Optional) Regenerate the Kaitai parser from `cpp/mdp.ksy`:
```bash
npm run generate-kaitai
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser to http://localhost:5173

## Usage

1. Click "Connect" and select your MDP device from the serial port list
2. The dashboard will display all connected channels
3. Click any channel card to access detailed controls
4. Use the recording feature to capture and analyze waveform data

## Architecture

- **Frontend**: Svelte framework for reactive UI
- **Communication**: Web Serial API for direct USB access
- **Protocol**: Binary protocol parsed using Kaitai Struct
- **Visualization**: uPlot for high-performance charting

## Development

The project structure:
- `/src/lib/serial.js` - Serial connection management
- `/src/lib/packet-encoder.js` - Binary packet encoding
- `/src/lib/packet-decoder.js` - Binary packet decoding using Kaitai
- `/src/lib/stores/channels.js` - Global state management
- `/src/lib/components/` - UI components

## Command-line interface

If you need a Node.js tool instead of the browser UI, see `../cli/README.md` for a CLI that reuses the same packet helpers and speaks to the Miniware device through `serialport`.

## License

This project is part of the miniware-mdp-m01 repository.
